Which subject do you prefer over Database? Algorithms or Machine Learning?
Compare the currency of dollar with rupee.
Did John Adams represent the Continental Congress in Europe?
What was Adams' political party?
List the differences between while and do while loop.
Differentiate between for and while loop.
Where do joeys complete postnatal development?what is your name?
Colleges better than IU but worse than Ivy League?
Dell or HP, help?
In terms of energy, what is the difference between glucose and ATP?
What kind of thread or string do I use when hand tying a denim quilt? // wh question
Which laundry detergent is better? Tide or Gain? Which do you prefer?
should i get a metal or wood platform bed?
White or pink walls for my bedroom?
do you want dinner?
do you want more soup?
Is it a better experience to have a dog as a child or as an adult?
Which names sound better?  - Non-Comparative
What would be a better bank? - Non_comparative
What's the difference between Google Play and Play Store?
Difference between dell and HP for gaming?
compare dell and hp for gaming?
which is the least favorable feature among all?
is Dell better than HP?
would you prefer sleeping?
is Dell more reliable than alienware?
Who is the laziest fellow on earth?
What happened in 1896?
1365 vs 8796
Is Ramu better than Somu?
Is Somu better than Ramu?
Do they prefer forested areas?
Which laptops you prefer over Alienware?
Ferrari Vs Lamborgini?
boys vs girls
What part of an elephant is very important for temperature regulation?
Were the treaties signed in 1947 and 1948 with the Ukraine?
Is Finnish a member of the Baltic-Finnic subgroup of the Uralic languages?
In what year were the "Games of the XV Olympiad" held?
Are Canada 's two official languages English and French ?
Is it the world 's second largest country by total area?
Do all ducks "quack"?
Who is Daffy Duck?
Which is better? cats or dogs?
What economic uses to ducks have?
How does a Mallard's tongue work?
Naughty boys vs girls!
Compare Java and C++.
Difference between Datastructures and Algorithms.
What would be a better bank? - Non_comparative
Was Amedeo Avogadro born in Turin August 9th 1776 to a noble ancient family of Piedmont, Italy?
What's the difference between Google Play and Play Store?
Which is better Andriod or IOS?
Difference between dell and HP for gaming?
What is Jakarta?
Rahman songs vs ilayaraja songs?
Has Indonesia the world 's largest Muslim population ?
David Guetta vs David Beckam?
Who was, by later reports of his contemporaries, thoroughly unhappy with the work?
Compare Sony and Beats headphones.
Which city is better, chennai or madurai?
What quartered on March?
Who do you think would win between Nadal and Federer?
What is the first word on the page?
What is the third word on the page?
What did James Monroe do before being elected governor?
When did James Monroe introduce the Monroe Doctrine?
Sample program in Scala and R languages.
Boston vs Chicago.
Where is life style of people better? Newyork or California?
Is a kangaroo a reptile?
What are some extinct predators of the kangaroo?
What is a roo?
Compare features of T-rex and Velociraptor.
List the configurations of Alienware.
Compare the features of Apple and Lenova laptops.
Is the leopard smaller than the other members of Panthera?
What shape are a leopard's black rosettes in East Africa?
Is the black color heritable and caused by only one recessive gene locus ?
Which holidays do you like more, Christmas or thanksgiving?
What is the difference between Eclipse and IDEA?
Can we call an undeclared function in C++?
Can we access global variable if there is a local variable with same name?
Can we use function on left side of an expression in C and C++?
Can namespaces be nested in C++?
Can we access private data members of a class without using a member or a friend function?
How to make a C++ class whose objects can only be dynamically allocated?
How to print “GeeksforGeeks” with empty main() in C++?
Print 1 to 100 in C++, without loop and recursion
How to restrict dynamic allocation of objects in C++?
Elaborate Arrays in Java.
How to compare two arrays in Java?
Explain Final arrays in Java.
Comparison of Exception Handling in C++ and Java?
Catching base and derived classes as exceptions?
Checked vs Unchecked Exceptions in Java?
List Access specifier of methods in interfaces.
Differentiate Access specifiers for classes or interfaces in Java.
What are Abstract Classes in Java?
Compare two strings represented as linked lists.
Rearrange a given linked list in-place. Is it possible?
Sort a linked list that is sorted alternating ascending and descending orders?
Construct a Maximum Sum Linked List out of two Sorted Linked Lists having some Common nodes.
Find k closest elements to a given value
Sort n numbers in range from 0 to n^2 – 1 in linear time
A Problem in Many Binary Search Implementations
Search in an almost sorted array
Sort an array in wave form
Why is Binary Search preferred over Ternary Search?
Do Insertion Sort for Singly Linked List.
Why Quick Sort preferred for Arrays and Merge Sort for Linked Lists?
How to check if two given line segments intersect?
How to check if a given point lies inside or outside a polygon?
Calculate the angle between hour hand and minute hand
Count number of binary strings without consecutive 1?s
Find the smallest number whose digits multiply to a given number n
Draw a circle without floating point arithmetic
How to check if an instance of 8 puzzle is solvable?
Given n appointments, find all conflicting appointments
Check a given sentence for a given set of simple grammer rules
Find Index of 0 to be replaced with 1 to get longest continuous sequence of 1s in a binary array
How to check if two given sets are disjoint?
Compare Andriod vs IOS.
Compare Windows OS vs IOS.
Compare Windows OS and Andriod?
Apples and oranges are same. Is that correct?
Is merge sort efficient than Shell sort?
Write a function that returns 2 for input 1 and returns 1 for 2.
Connect n ropes with minimum cost.
Find the number of valid parentheses expressions of given length.
Generate all binary permutations such that there are more 1’s than 0’s at every point in all permutations.
Write a function that counts the number of times a given int occurs in a Linked List
Reverse a linked list
Detect loop in a linked list
Function to check if a singly linked list is palindrome
Given a linked list which is sorted, how will you insert in sorted way
Intersection point of two Linked Lists.
Recursive function to print reverse of a Linked List
Remove duplicates from a sorted linked list
Remove duplicates from an unsorted linked list
Pairwise swap elements of a given linked list
Practice questions for Linked List and Recursion
Move last element to front of a given Linked List
Compare Single LinkedList vs Double LinkedList in Run time complexity.
Implement Queue using Stacks
Check whether a given Binary Tree is Complete or not
Determine if Two Trees are Identical
Maximum Depth or Height of a Tree
Write a C program to Delete a Tree.
Write an Efficient C Function to Convert a Binary Tree into its Mirror Tree
If you are given two traversal sequences, can you construct the binary tree?
Given a binary tree, print out all of its root-to-leaf paths one per line.
How to determine if a binary tree is height-balanced?
Which algorithm is efficient?
Is O(n) R.T better than O(n!)?
Print unique rows in a given boolean matrix
How to Implement Reverse DNS Look Up Cache?
How to Implement Forward DNS Look Up Cache?
Implement LRU Cache
Sort numbers stored on different machines
Find the k most frequent words from a file
Given a sequence of words, print all anagrams together
Elaborate about trie.
Which data structure is efficient for duplicate removal, Hashing or Sorting?
Linear probing vs quadratic probing?
Compare LRAD and Martin Garrix songs.
Differentiate between Tournament Tree (Winner Tree) and Binary Heap
Decision Trees – Fake (Counterfeit) Coin Puzzle (12 Coin Puzzle)
Spaghetti Stack
Data Structure for Dictionary and Spell Checker?
Merge an array of size n into another array of size m+n
Median of two sorted arrays
Write a program to reverse an array
Program for array rotation
Reversal algorithm for array rotation
Block swap algorithm for array rotation
Which is bigger. 6 or 7?
What has more weightage, assignments or exams?
Which is faster to submit , hard copy or soft copy?
Which place is cheaper the stay, chicago or boston?
Who is faster than usain bolt?
Who is mass than pandi?
Union and Intersection of two sorted arrays
Floor and Ceiling in a sorted array
A Product Array Puzzle
How do you segregate Even and Odd numbers
Find the two repeating elements in a given array
Sort an array of 0s, 1s and 2s
Find the Minimum length Unsorted Subarray, sorting which makes the complete array sorted
Find duplicates in O(n) time and O(1) extra space
Equilibrium index of an array
Linked List vs Array
Which sorting algorithm makes minimum number of memory writes?
Turn an image by 90 degree
Next Greater Element
Count the number of occurrences in a sorted array
Interpolation search vs Binary search
Linear Search vs Binary Search.
Hashing vs Nested Hashing.
Find a Fixed Point in a given array
Maximum Length Bitonic Subarray
Find the maximum element in an array which is first increasing and then decreasing
Count smaller elements on right side
Minimum number of jumps to reach end
Implement two stacks in an array
Find subarray with given sum
Find a sorted subsequence of size 3 in linear time
Largest subarray with equal number of 0s and 1s
Dynamic Programming | Set 18 (Partition problem)
Maximum Product Subarray
Find a pair with the given difference
Replace every element with the next greatest
Print all possible combinations of r elements in a given array of size n
Given an array of of size n and a number k, find all elements that appear more than n/k times
Find the point where a monotonically increasing function becomes positive first time
Find the Increasing subsequence of length three with maximum product
Product of which twi numbers would give highest value, -9 or -8?
Which is bigger than 7? 8 or 6?
Who is better coder than VP?
Who is better coder than VP? Kabul or Kaaabul?
Find the closest pair from two sorted arrays
Given a sorted array and a number x, find the pair in array whose sum is closest to x
Count 1’s in a sorted binary array
Print All Distinct Elements of a given integer array
Construct an array from its pair-sum array
Find common elements in three sorted arrays
Find the first repeating element in an array of integers
What is advantage of sorted arrays?
J2EE vs Java?
Which do you prefer over Hot chocolate? Coffee?
Can QuickSort be implemented in O(nLogn) worst case time complexity?
Check if a given array contains duplicate elements within k distance from each other
Find the element that appears once.
Which is efficient union or intersection?
Who is better? left or right?
Given an n x n square matrix, find sum of all sub-squares of size k x k
Count number of islands where every island is row-wise and column-wise separated
Find a common element in all rows of a given row-wise sorted matrix
Given a matrix of ‘O’ and ‘X’, replace ‘O’ with ‘X’ if surrounded by ‘X’
What is quicker than cheetah?
Which is better than programming? Coding or Logical thinking?
what is the probability that they don't collide?
Which chances are high to occur?
Who is better than Ronaldo? Messi or Suarez?
Ronaldo or Messi?
Neymar or Suarex in barcelona?
WHose the best football player?
WHose the best football player? Ronaldo or Rooney?
how would you cut the remainder of the cake into two equal halves with one straight cut of a knife ?
give an efficient algorithm to reverse the order of the words (not characters) in it.
How many points are there on the globe where by walking one mile south, one mile east and one mile north you reach the place where you started?
Which place is better to stay north or south?
Which place is better to stay east or south?
Which place is better to stay west or south?
WHich function is better sqrt or math?
Which language do you prefer to find square root?java or python?
In arithmetic expressions, to what data type will the C compiler promote a character?
What is the difference between a statement and a block?
Specify a C loop with the test at the bottom.
What is the switch statement?
What does a break statement do? Which control structures use it?
In a loop, what is the difference between a break and continue statement?
Where may variables be defined in C?
What is the difference between a variable definition and a variable declaration?
What is the purpose of a function prototype?
List C's storage classes and what they signify.
State the syntax for the printf() and scanf() functions. State their one crucial difference with respect to their parameters.
With respect to function parameter passing, what is the difference between call-by-value and call-by-reference? Which method does C use?
What is a structure and a union in C?
What is the difference between: #include <stdio.h> and #include "stdio.h"
What is #ifdef used for?
How do you define a constant in C?
Why can't you nest structure definitions?
Can you nest function definitions?
What is a forward reference?
What are the following and how do they differ: int, long, float and double?
Is it possible to take the square-root of a number in C. Is there a square-root operator in C?
Using fprintf() print a single floating point number right-justified in a field of 20 spaces, no leading zeros, and 4 decimal places. The destination should be stderr and the variable is called num.
What is the difference between the & and && operators and the | and || operators?
What is the difference between the -> and . operators?
What is the symbol for the modulus operator?
In C++ what is a constructor? A destructor?
Compare and contrast C and C++.
What is operator overloading?
Differentiate cin and cout?
Contrast procedural and object oriented programming.
How do you link a C++ program to C functions?
Explain the scope resolution operator.
What are the differences between a C++ struct and C++ class?
What is the difference between a copy constructor and an overloaded assignment operator?
When should you use multiple inheritance?
What is a virtual destructor?
Explain the ISA and HASA class relationships. How would you implement each in a class design?
What are the differences between a C++ enum and C++ class?
What do the keyword static and const signify ?
How is memory allocated/deallocated in C ? How about C++ ?
What is UML ?
What is the difference between a shallow copy and a deep copy ?
What are the differences between new and malloc?
What is the difference between delete and delete[]?
What are the differences between a struct in C and in C++?
What are the advantages/disadvantages of using #define?
What are the advantages/disadvantages of using inline and const?
What is the difference between a pointer and a reference?
What are the differences between a struct and a class in C++?
What is the difference between public, private, and protected access?
For class CFoo { }; what default methods will the compiler generate for you>?
How can you force the compiler to not generate them?
What is the purpose of a constructor? Destructor?
What is a constructor initializer list?
When must you use a constructor initializer list?
What is a: Constructor? Destructor? Default constructor? Copy constructor? Conversion constructor?
What is the difference between public, private, and protected inheritance?
What is virtual inheritance?
What is placement new?
What is the difference between operator new and the new operator?
What's the difference between SQL, DDL, and DML?
What's a join? An inner join? An outer join?
Describe HTTP.
What's a design pattern?
Can you explain the singleton, vistor, facade, or handle class design pattern?
Is the long term viability of the koala therefore threatened by genetic weakness?
Is Korean the official language of Korea?
Is valencia faster than walcott?
Is Degea great dribbler than hart?
Whose wages are more?
Is rooney earning more than van persie?
About how many Koreans speakers are there?
Can I use CSV files?
How do I perform CSV file conversion?
How do I divide a dataset into training and test set?
How do I generate compatible train and test sets that get processed with a filter?
How do I perform attribute selection?
How do I perform clustering?
Where do I find visualization of classifiers, etc.?
How do I perform text classification?
How can I perform multi-instance learning in WEKA?
How do I perform cost-sensitive classification?
How do I make predictions with a trained model?
Why am I missing certain nominal or string values from sparse instances?
Can I use WEKA for time series analysis?
Does WEKA support multi-label classification?
How do I perform one-class classification?
Can I make a screenshot of a plot or graph 
Floods vs Tsunamis?
Single sign-on vs multi sign-on?
Which is better? Distributed or Grid Computing?
Advantages of using Training set over untrained set?
Using test set vs training set?
How can I split paragraph into one-line-per-sentence but still keep it wrapped visually?
Having one line sentence vs multiple line sentences?
What were the most important wars fought in the history of the United States?
What are you planning to buy today at the supermarket?
How exactly did the fight between the two of you start?
What is your favorite memory from childhood?
How will you help the company if you are hired to work for us?
What do you plan to do immediately following graduation from college?
What types of decorations do you plan to have for your friend's birthday party?
What was your high school experience like?
How did you and your best friend meet?
What sites do you expect to see on your vacation?
Which is faster google or bing?
Which is efficent than google? Bing or Mozzila?
Compare Mozzila vs chrome?
Compare Apple vs IBM.
compare advantages of theory and practical experience.
Raising parents vs children?
Have you ever met Joe before?
Where did you go to college?
What is your best quality?
Are you happy?
Do you enjoy your car?
Does your brother have the same interests as you?
Do you have a pet?
Do you like animals?
When is your birthday?
Do you like rain? 
Which icecream do you like? Vanilla or Strawberry?
WHich college do you like? UTD or UTA?
WHich car do you like over Ferrari? Ford or Lamborgini?
How do you handle stressful situations and working under pressure?
Which is good mode of payment? Cheque or Cash?
WHich is better ,Cash or DD?
Which one is difficult to analyze ? opened or closed question ?? 
what is the difference between vcal and vet?
Do you like chocolate closed ended response or open ended response?
Am I at the correct location?	
Your pregnant. Yes or No?
Are the keys under the books?Yes or No?
Was his house on an island?	Yes or No?
Is he alright?
Were the demonstrations in the center of town? Yes or No?
Undergrad students grading other undergrads: ethical, professional, or even legal?
Handling a maze in JavaScript
What single change would have given the most chance for the Axis to win World War 2?
I solved their problem. Should I involve them?
Is there a name for this type of polygon?
What is the difference between booking and renting something?
Why would PMCs be in politically-unstable places, as opposed to waiting in comfort to be called?
What is the difference between buying and renting something?
How to charge my Ubuntu phone's battery off my Ubuntu laptop's battery?
Can I trust a paper that hides implementation details?
Who created the version of Kilgrave in the Jessica Jones TV series?
“Do miracles” or “Make miracles”?
What if we lived near a boundary of the universe?
How are aircraft identified as unregistered?
How to overcome depression while digging in HUGE code?
How many planets have we discovered that can support human life?
can an electron gain energy by another electron?
Can refusing to attend mandatory Title IX training be grounds for suspending a tenured faculty member?
Find all three digit special numbers
Why did Data want to be human instead of other species?
Why invest for the long-term rather than buy and sell for quick, big gains?
How to indicate that I've exceeded my planned spending for some time period, but am not completely lacking money
Why not invest for the long-term rather than buy and sell for quick, big gains?
What does the limit of the derivative induces?
“Makeshift flamethrower” or “handmade flamethrower”?
Finding contacts in Group A AND Group B?
Has Christianity ever been given stats?
If I quit my PhD, would it make my advisor look bad?
Are there any non-human captains (and up) in Starfleet?
How to persuade someone to not pursue a PhD just because they failed to find a job?
Why didn't the Ewoks attempt to kill Leia?
Why address-of operator ('&') can be used with objects that are declared with the register storage class specifier in C++?
Pointers vs References comparison?
Unable to Change Seats Due to Weight and Balance?
Why is it bad to have traces close to the edge of the board?
What should you do while driving?
Which piece is powerful? Pawn or Knight?
In chess which piece is used?
Why it is called 'Black Friday'?
Which statement is better?
Ternary statement to be used over Binary statement.
What is a flameout and how does it occur?
How to store one to many relationship data in dynamodb?
Which database is better than MongoDB?Teradata?
Which is easy to use over MySQL? Oracle or MongoDB?
Why does my conditional statement selectively drop the first character in the output string?
Compare Interface vs Abstract Classes?
Were learners satisfied in terms of convenience, comfort of the facilities and quality of presenters?
Did learners feel that the amount of information and resource materials provided met their needs?
Were learners satisfied with the program and feel it was a good use of their time?
Were learners more confident in their ability to address the issues presented during the program?
Will learners demonstrate increased knowledge related to the program content?
Will learners be able to demonstrate a new skill by the end of the training program?
Will learners report understanding of the impact communication skills have on patient outcomes?
Will learners demonstrate effective communications skills in standardized clinical encounters?
Will learners self-assess their strengths and weaknesses in real patient encounters?
Will faculty role-model effective communication skills in clinical encounters?
Will learners apply the communication skills model in real clinical encounters?
Will patients report satisfaction with the communication skills of learners?
Will learners report increased involvement of faculty as facilitators?
Differentiate between Interface vs Abstract Classes.
WHich is romantic place. Paris or Goa?
Where do you think would be ideal place to stay? Chennai or Trichy?
Apple watch vs samsung watch?
Where do you like to travel? Switzerland or Portugal?
Compare concepts of Abstraction and Inheritance?
It is water under the bridge.
Who has been the most important person in your life? Can you tell me about him or her?
What was the happiest moment of your life? The saddest?
Who has been the biggest influence on your life? What lessons did that person teach you?
Who has been the kindest to you in your life?
What are the most important lessons you’ve learned in life?
What is your earliest memory?
What is your favorite memory of me?
Are there any funny stories your family tells about you that come to mind?
Are there any funny stories or memories or characters from your life that you want to tell me about?
What are you proudest of?
When in life have you felt most alone?
If you could hold on to one memory from your life forever, what would that be?
How has your life been different than what you’d imagined?
How would you like to be remembered?
Do you have any regrets?
What does your future hold?
What are your hopes for what the future holds for me? For my children?
If this was to be our very last conversation, is there anything you’d want to say to me
For your great great grandchildren listening to this years from now: is there any wisdom you’d want to pass on to them? What would you want them to know?
Is there anything that you’ve never told me but want to tell me now?
Is there something about me that you’ve always wanted to know but have never asked?
Do you remember what was going through your head when you first saw me?
How did you choose my name?
What was I like as a baby? As a young child?
Do you remember any of the songs you used to sing to me? Can you sing them now?
What were my siblings like?
What were the hardest moments you had when I was growing up?
If you could do everything again, would you raise me differently?
What advice would you give me about raising my own kids?
What are your dreams for me?
How did you meet mom/dad?
Are you proud of me?
Which is peaceful city? San Francisco or Dallas?
Where do you stay? Chennai or Bangalore?
Which is nice song? One direction or Last Resort?
Which Hindi song is difficult to understand? Lovely or Baby Doll song?
Is it better to store soft copy than hard copy?
What are you looking for in terms of career development? knowledge or experience?
Which is valuable skill to learn? Cooking or spending?
How do you want to improve yourself in the next year?
What kind of goals would you have in mind if you got this job? 
If I were to ask your last supervisor to provide you additional training or exposure, what would she suggest
If you had to choose one, would you consider yourself a big-picture person or a detail-oriented person?  
Tell me about your proudest achievement.  
Who was your favorite manager and why?  
What do you look for in terms of culture -- structured or entrepreneurial?